In the central Europe branch territory, a special campaign was organized.
Actually, the School for Branch Committee members triggered an evaluation
how much territory in the countries we oversee is not really covered thoroughly.
So we asked our circuit overseers to recommend us which sections of the congregations
territory could be listed as so-called unassigned territory.
All in all, we received over 11,000 territories from the congregations
with approximately 3 million inhabitants.
So because of this grand scale, there was suddenly the idea
why not organizing a special preaching campaign to cover all these territories
on one single weekend.
This was really exciting.
And after getting the branch committee's approval,
the service department started to organize it.
To be honest, at first, we were not really sure how the publishers
would react to such a campaign.
But we fully trusted in Jehovah and the response was stunning.
Over 20,000 publishers participated and were assigned to all these territories
throughout Germany.
The campaign took place on one weekend in May 2017 and was especially successful
in metropolitan areas, as in Berlin, Hamburg or Düsseldorf.
At one door, a man just arrived.
He wanted to open his shop where he sells Arabian specialties.
We were able to show him a video in Arabic.
Then he gave us his address and phone number.
He also agreed to have someone visit him again.
Yes, it's really a privilege to join in such a campaign
and to see that every human is precious to Jehovah,
no matter where they live or where they come from.
Because of the need and the fantastic response in 2017,
it was decided to repeat such a campaign in May 2018.
And this time it was expanded to Switzerland, Austria, Luxembourg and Lichtenstein.
And now imagine, over 32,000 publishers participated,
which is actually over 60% more than in May 2017.
This was really faith strengthening and again,
a lot of wonderful experiences very potted.
It's incredible.
No matter where you are in Berlin, you can see small groups of brothers everywhere.
That was really great.
In the ministry, we met a woman and she told us that she had just prayed for a Bible study.
We are now more than ever convinced that Jehovah leads all this work through his angels.
Today Sunday, we had a nice experience.
A woman called us from behind.
She had actually already passed us,
but she had a feeling she had to go back again. She told us later.
After she had invited us to her home,
we exchanged our contact information
and could also fill in their online contact form.
Had we been in the territory just one minute later,
we would never have made the contact.
This must have been guided by the angels.
Yesterday morning, while in the ministry,
a young man ran after us and asked us what we were doing.
We explained it to him.
He asked us why there is still so much evil in the world then.
In the afternoon, we were able to call on him again.
We could start a Bible study right away
and arrange a return visit which we will make today.
Being together with friends is just so great.
You are out and about with a large group.
You meet up again regularly to change partners
and to relate experiences.
It's just great.
Thousands of videos were shown
and a lot of Bible studies were started.
And what is very interesting,
a lot of publishers felt motivated
to expand the ministry after the campaign.
For sure, these preaching campaigns
truly prove that Jehovah and Jesus
are directing the preaching work
and the angels are helping us
in reaching out to all people.
We really have a lot of reasons
to be Jehovah's happy people.